README.md, before:

similaRpeak : metrics to estimate the level of similarity between two ChIP profiles.
=====================

This package calculates metrics to estimate a level of similarity between two 
ChIP-Seq profiles.

## Download package ##

The official releases can be downloaded from:
[Release website](https://github.com/adeschen/similaRpeak/releases)

## NOTE ##

To use this current similaRpeak version, the use of the R6 package (>= 2.0) is mandatory.


## Authors ##

[Astrid Louise Deschenes](http://ca.linkedin.com/in/astriddeschenes "Astrid Louise Deschenes"), 
Elsa Bernatchez, 
[Charles Joly Beauparlant](http://ca.linkedin.com/pub/charles-joly-beauparlant/89/491/3b3 "Charles Joly Beauparlant"), 
[Fabien Claude Lamaze](http://ca.linkedin.com/in/fabienlamaze/en "Fabien Claude Lamaze"), 
[Rawane Samb](http://ca.linkedin.com/in/rawanesamb "Rawane Samb"), 
[Pascal Belleau](http://ca.linkedin.com/in/pascalbelleau "Pascal Belleau") 
and [Arnaud Droit](http://ca.linkedin.com/in/drarnaud "Arnaud Droit").

See [Arnaud Droit Lab](http://bioinformatique.ulaval.ca/home/ "Arnaud Droit Lab") 
website.

## License ##

This package and the underlying similaRpeak code are distributed under the 
Artistic license 2.0. You are free to use and redistribute this software. 

For more information on Artistic 2.0 License see
[http://opensource.org/licenses/Artistic-2.0](http://opensource.org/licenses/Artistic-2.0)

## Bugs/Feature requests ##

If you have any bugs or feature requests, 
[let us know](https://github.com/adeschen/similaRpeak/issues). 

Thanks!

Commit message:

Commit made by the Bioconductor Git-SVN bridge.
Commit id: 89b2323dc4db28e1b83311a1879d8b740ca7a793

    Update README.md

    Add Bioconductor downloading site


git-svn-id: file:///home/git/hedgehog.fhcrc.org/bioconductor/trunk/madman/Rpacks/similaRpeak@104319 bc3139a8-67e5-0310-9ffc-ced21a209358

README.md, after:

similaRpeak : metrics to estimate the level of similarity between two ChIP profiles.
=====================

This package calculates metrics to estimate a level of similarity between two 
ChIP-Seq profiles.

## Download package ##

The current release can be dowloaded from [Bioconductor](http://bioconductor.org/) website:
[Current Release](http://bioconductor.org/packages/release/bioc/html/similaRpeak.html)

However, all official releases can be downloaded from this site:
[All Releases](https://github.com/adeschen/similaRpeak/releases)



## NOTE ##

To use this current similaRpeak version, the use of the R6 package (>= 2.0) is mandatory.


## Authors ##

[Astrid Louise Deschenes](http://ca.linkedin.com/in/astriddeschenes "Astrid Louise Deschenes"), 
Elsa Bernatchez, 
[Charles Joly Beauparlant](http://ca.linkedin.com/pub/charles-joly-beauparlant/89/491/3b3 "Charles Joly Beauparlant"), 
[Fabien Claude Lamaze](http://ca.linkedin.com/in/fabienlamaze/en "Fabien Claude Lamaze"), 
[Rawane Samb](http://ca.linkedin.com/in/rawanesamb "Rawane Samb"), 
[Pascal Belleau](http://ca.linkedin.com/in/pascalbelleau "Pascal Belleau") 
and [Arnaud Droit](http://ca.linkedin.com/in/drarnaud "Arnaud Droit").

See [Arnaud Droit Lab](http://bioinformatique.ulaval.ca/home/ "Arnaud Droit Lab") 
website.

## License ##

This package and the underlying similaRpeak code are distributed under the 
Artistic license 2.0. You are free to use and redistribute this software. 

For more information on Artistic 2.0 License see
[http://opensource.org/licenses/Artistic-2.0](http://opensource.org/licenses/Artistic-2.0)

## Bugs/Feature requests ##

If you have any bugs or feature requests, 
[let us know](https://github.com/adeschen/similaRpeak/issues). 

Thanks!
